README.md, before:


# MARATHON APP

## Purpose/Description
App designed to be a personalized running coach offering tailored training plans for a variety of goals and skill levels, from beginners to experienced runners aiming for new personal bests. 

## How does it work

- From a **user perspective**: [Figma mockups](https://www.figma.com/file/rs4EtbKcbPdxSGwxnGQhmw/Buy-Insurance-(Community)-(Community)?type=design&node-id=107-557&mode=design&t=Hae9hdYGQbWAMJig-0)

- From a **developer perspective**:
  
      npm install
      npm start
      https//localhost:3000
    

## How to contribute

- **Repo/Folder structure**: MVC pattern 
    - Controllers
    - Middlewares
    - Routes
    - Utils
    - Models
- **Tools**:
    - Javascript
    - Jest
    - HTML
    - CSS
    - Handlebars
    - MongoDB
- **Requirements**:
    - Node.js
    - Git
    - Credentials


### Contribution Process
- **Pull request creation**:
    - To merge something to the branches it is needed to create a pull request and that pull request have to pass all the checks and minimun one review
    - The new created branches needs to be name after the feature that is going to be working in that branch
- **Checks/Tests**: 
    - Linter
    - Pre-commit
- **Release process**:
    - Main (Develop): This branch is going to be use for the general development of the project
    - Test: This branch is going to be use for the system test so it enables the merge to production
    - Production: This branch its the main versioning for the main app

Commit message:

fix: add tools and repo permissions

README.md, after:


# MARATHON APP

## Purpose/Description
App designed to be a personalized running coach offering tailored training plans for a variety of goals and skill levels, from beginners to experienced runners aiming for new personal bests. 

## How does it work

- From a **user perspective**: [Figma mockups](https://www.figma.com/file/rs4EtbKcbPdxSGwxnGQhmw/Buy-Insurance-(Community)-(Community)?type=design&node-id=107-557&mode=design&t=Hae9hdYGQbWAMJig-0)

- From a **developer perspective**:
  
      npm install
      npm start
      https//localhost:3000
    

## How to contribute

- **Repo/Folder structure**: MVC pattern 
    - Controllers
    - Middlewares
    - Routes
    - Utils
    - Models
- **Tools**:
    - Javascript
    - Jest
    - HTML
    - CSS
    - Handlebars
    - MongoDB
    - Python
    - Pre-commit
- **Requirements**:
    - Node.js
    - Git
    - Repository permissions (To ask for permissions contact a code owner)


### Contribution Process
- **Pull request creation**:
    - To merge something to the branches it is needed to create a pull request and that pull request have to pass all the checks and minimun one review
    - The new created branches needs to be name after the feature that is going to be working in that branch
- **Checks/Tests**: 
    - Linter
    - Pre-commit
- **Release process**:
    - Main (Develop): This branch is going to be use for the general development of the project
    - Test: This branch is going to be use for the system test so it enables the merge to production
    - Production: This branch its the main versioning for the main app
